All right welcome back my students on the last lecture we refactor a lot of cold here.
Looks a lot better like this.
All right.
Now let's work on this real quick here.
We can create a function that will give us the status of all this three pieces of code here and take
all this off and just have a function here right.
Just one little function call.
All right.
So how can we do this.
Well first of all let's create a function.
All right.
So we can name the function whatever we want.
All right let's just go to functions of BHB and come back here and say something like a function check
status
and this function is going to take a couple of parameters right.
Because we have here we have we have the the table we have the column name and we have this status.
Right.
The value.
All right.
Let's just do this.
So let's give it and make this a little bigger.
Just in case you don't see a
table
and column name hopefully I'm spelling that correctly.
And the next thing would be the status.
All right.
Perfect.
So let's grab all this coal that we have here.
I'm sitting here.
We are also going to grab this guy right here.
Place it in there and we are going to grab this
Bastet in here.
We're going to be returning this guy right here.
You should know how to do this already.
So we're going to be returning from the table and column
and status.
There we go.
All right.
Beautiful I think it makes a lot of sense like this and this could be called the resort.
There we go.
Whoops.
If you want to do that.
All right.
Now here we need to change the name of this two polls because that's the table that we are requesting
information from right.
And the status is the column name.
And this will be published because we are want to know the status of the published.
All right.
And I think we're good.
Make sure that you save your files.
All right.
And it's come back here real quick and see
come back here.
And I think we all knew I was forgetting something little connection.
I'll save it and let's come back here and whoops back thing 239.
We have an error somewhere here.
I don't see.
Oh of course we're forgetting the dollar symbol there.
There we go.
And then we have a problem with my squall line to 46 stories for some reason he's not getting the Querrey
the gnome rolls.
It's we we have a problem with equerry So in this case we're going to grab this confirm Querrey function
just to make sure that we know what in the is going on.
Save it come back here and refresh it.
And he says I have a syntax problem somewhere.
All right.
I wish you would tell me exactly what the syntax problem is.
So that way I don't have to you know go crazy trying to find out but I know what the syntax problem
is.
It's just this little dollar symbol here.
And you guys probably already saw that.
Good.
So you're telling me that I have another problem where column equal status and we are missing a single
call.
There we go.
Now it's working.
All right.
So right now he's saying that we have a draft draft plus one.
So if I change this to draft let's see what happens.
So let's check this going change the status he had to draft on this function Let's see if it works save
it come back and refresh it.
And as you can see a change.
All right.
So that function is working.
That's beautiful.
So let's do this here and now what we gotta do is grab this guy right here at change is to draft look
at that come back here still working.
Right now we've got to come back here again and come in remember these columns are I just going to paste
that in here so that we're working.
Remember these columns so we gonna grab everything from comments come in status right here and we're
looking for on the proof.
Oops
there we go.
Let's just take that off.
Save it.
Come back here and you stay the same.
Look at that.
All right.
Beautiful.
So just in case.
No this is not.
See that hole.
Beautiful.
So just in case you want to find the approved one now we refactor all this into smaller functions here.
And you can again come in your cold and you know make sure that you know exactly what this is doing
so that way you don't have all this mess later on.
Now we can refactor this one as well.
All right.
And I'm going to give that to you because this is super easy.
You know what let's just do it right now real quick.
Let's just do a function check use or roll.
I loved doing this stuff.
So this is got to take how many parameters is it going to take.
And if I can find the function again that would be nice.
All right we're going to take three Look at that and just kind of copy this so I know how many parameters
it's going to take.
So it's going to take a table name the parameters as the one almost right roll and the actually that
would be the column name.
Sorry about that column.
All right.
So just going with these here and so what else is take is out of here.
I
hope you see what I'm doing.
It's super simple.
Then we're going to replace this.
We're going to do basically the same thing we did in the
U.S. Remember this is a user rule right.
And the rule
is super simple.
All right.
So what is a table users right.
What is the column.
I already forgot you see that I think is user rule and
subscriber I guess subscriber.
See I don't think we should see.
Let me show you save your file.
We shouldn't see that much change because we have zero subscribers there.
But oops again again again guys I'm trying to do this fast because I just got a message from wife Ann
and she just wants me to go and eat with her or something like that so subscriber's.
So then we're going to come here and we can check for admin ups here but here at me.
Let's check this out real quick and see what happens.
Oh look at that.
He says we have two admins here.
Hmm.
Beautiful.
Let's.
So now we can check for user rules.
All right.
Without too much hassle let's create a subscriber's and see this thing actually a little better.
So let's making our subscriber.
Let's go back to our dash war and we're going to see a subscriber.
All right and we can make another column here and put.
How many minutes we got.
All right.
So hopefully you can see how beautiful this is when we are refactoring our code.
You know how everything looks a lot better.
Let's just take this idea there.
All right.
So beautiful hopefully hopefully you learn a lot and hopefully you can keep doing this through our your
your application to make everything work better.
All right you can try to do something here as well if you want.
All right.
And refactor your code to make just look better.
All right so thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the net lectures